src/content/blog/ayush.md, before:

---
title: "My Internship Journey"
description: "A summary of my learnings and contributions during my recent internship."
image: "/assets/images/blog/blog-6.png"
publishDate: "20 July 2025"
---

## My Internship Journey

I learnt a lot of new things during my time in the internship, both academically and professionally.
It provided me with a practical glimpse into the corporate world. Our mentor was great, always there to help us out whenever we got stuck or had questions.

---

## 🏛️ Projects I Worked On

I worked on the following things during the internship:

### 🏠 [Panel Page](/src/pages/panel.astro/)

I designed and structured header of the panel page, and added new fetures.

### 🗺️ [Canvas]

The canvas section was broken down into two interactive subpages. Both designed for creating quotes with unique features:

- [**Text**](/src/pages/canvas/text.astro/) – This subpage allows users to create and display quotes, including the current time.
- [**Quote**](/src/pages/canvas/quote.astro/) – This subpage allows user to create, style, and download custom quotes.

This section is feature rich and can be used to create cool designs!

### 🔤 [Hidenseek](/src/pages/hidenseek/grid.astro/)

I improved the style and layout of the grid, index and kbd pages.My goal was to make them look a lot better and feel more polished.

### 🔢 [Login](/src/pages/login.astro)

I created a login page complete with an image slider that gave users a glimpse of the website. I also created the front end for signup, forgot-password and dashboard.

### 📚 [BetterAuth]

I created a login where the user can authenticate themselves using their github account. Sqlite was used to track cookies and store the information of the user.

### 📚 [Components]

I added three common components- back, share and keyboard, and also ensured that they were integrated across all the different pages where they were needed.

### 🔮 [Others]

I worked on several other pages, fixing bugs and adding new components to them.

---

## ⚙️ Tech I Explored

Things I learnt during this internship are:

### 🚀 Astro Framework

I learnt the implementation of astro framework and its need along with the benefits of using it.

### 🗺️ Html2canvas

This is a js library that takes the screenshot of the page, it was implemented in quote.astro page.

### 🗣️ Focus/Blur

Focus() and blur() are methods used to show and hide the keyboard. This is an useful and important feature for mobile and ipad users.

### 📚 BetterAuth

BetterAuth is a full-stack authentication library designed to simplify common user authentication patterns in an application. I implemented login via github using betterauth.

### 💻 Git & GitHub

I learnt to configure git and github, and understood the working of branches, pull requests, and merging.

### 💻 Visual Studio Code (VS Code)

I used vscode as my primary development environment throughout the internship.
Also used project manager extension, it made working on several projects easier.
Used extensions like Prettier,ESLint, and Astro Language Tools to write clean and consistent code.

---

## 🙏 What I Took Away (And a Big Thanks!)

This internship was a big help. I'm grateful for the chance to actually use what I've been learning in a real work setting. Our mentor was a huge help, and I really appreciate all the support and guidance I got from the team.

Commit message:

[RZA-250143]: fixed typo and author in blog

src/content/blog/ayush.md, after:

---
title: "My Internship Journey"
description: "A summary of my learnings and contributions during my recent internship."
image: "/assets/images/blog/blog-6.png"
author: "Ayush Tyagi"
publishDate: "20 July 2025"
---

## My Internship Journey

I learnt a lot of new things during my time in the internship, both academically and professionally.
It provided me with a practical glimpse into the corporate world. Our mentor was great, always there to help us out whenever we got stuck or had questions.

---

## 🏛️ Projects I Worked On

I worked on the following things during the internship:

### 🏠 [Panel](/panel)

I designed and structured header of the panel page, and added new features.

### 🗺️ [Canvas]

The canvas section was broken down into two interactive sub-pages. Both designed for creating quotes with unique features:

- [**Text**](/canvas/text) – This subpage allows users to create and display quotes, including the current time.
- [**Quote**](/canvas/quote) – This subpage allows user to create, style, and download custom quotes.

This section is feature rich and can be used to create cool designs!

### 🔤 [HidenSeek](/hidenseek/grid)

I improved the style and layout of the grid, index and kbd pages.My goal was to make them look a lot better and feel more polished.

### 🔢 [Login]

I created a login page complete with an image slider that gave users a glimpse of the website. I also created the front end for signup, forgot-password and dashboard.

### 📚 [BetterAuth]

I created a login where the user can authenticate themselves using their github account. Sqlite was used to track cookies and store the information of the user.

### 📚 [Components]

I added three common components- back, share and keyboard, and also ensured that they were integrated across all the different pages where they were needed.

### 🔮 [Others]

I worked on several other pages, fixing bugs and adding new components to them.

---

## ⚙️ Tech I Explored

Things I learnt during this internship are:

### 🚀 Astro Framework

I learnt the implementation of astro framework and its need along with the benefits of using it.

### 🗺️ Html2canvas

This is a js library that takes the screenshot of the page, it was implemented in quote.astro page.

### 🗣️ Focus/Blur

`focus()` and `blur()` are methods used to show and hide the keyboard. This is an useful and important feature for mobile and ipad users.

### 📚 BetterAuth

BetterAuth is a full-stack authentication library designed to simplify common user authentication patterns in an application. I implemented login via github using betterauth.

### 💻 Git & GitHub

I learnt to configure git and github, and understood the working of branches, pull requests, and merging.

### 💻 Visual Studio Code (VS Code)

I used vscode as my primary development environment throughout the internship.
Also used project manager extension, it made working on several projects easier.
Used extensions like Prettier,ESLint, and Astro Language Tools to write clean and consistent code.

---

## 🙏 What I Took Away (And a Big Thanks!)

This internship was a big help. I'm grateful for the chance to actually use what I've been learning in a real work setting. Our mentor was a huge help, and I really appreciate all the support and guidance I got from the team.
